Create visa page for trainees (#3165)
DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app: app/views/content/non-uk-teachers/train-to-teach-in-england-as-an-international-student.md

You can train in a school or in a university setting, and study full-time (over a year) or part-time (over 2 or more years). Some courses combine [qualified teacher status (QTS)](https://www.gov.uk/guidance/qualified-teacher-status-qts) with a [postgraduate certificate in education (PGCE) or postgraduate diploma in education (PGDE)](/what-is-a-pgce). These are optional: you do not need a PGCE or PGDE to teach in England.

Teacher training courses can also be 'fee-paying' or 'salaried'.

#### Fee-paying and salaried teacher training courses

A fee-paying teacher training course means you pay a fee to study as a teacher. Most teacher trainees in England are enrolled on this type of course.

Fee-paying courses include:

* university teacher training programmes
* school-centred initial teacher training (SCITT) programmes
* School Direct unsalaried teacher training programmes

A salaried teacher training course means you are paid to work in a school while you learn to teach. However, these courses are limited in number and very competitive. 

Salaried courses include:

* School Direct salaried teacher training programmes
* the Teach First Leadership Development programme

> * postgraduate teaching apprenticeships – [to apply for an apprenticeship, you'll need to meet certain visa requirements](/non-uk-teachers/visas-for-non-UK-trainees)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* postgraduate teaching apprenticeships – to apply for an apprenticeship, you'll need to meet certain [visa requirements](/non-uk-teachers/visas-for-non-UK-trainees)
```

Author: Isn't the longer link more meaningful? Visa requirements is a bit generic?

[Find postgraduate teacher training courses](https://www.gov.uk/find-postgraduate-teacher-training-courses) lists fee-paying and salaried training courses.

#### Choosing a subject to teach 

> The subject you apply to teach must usually be the same, or closely related to, the subject you studied at university. (For example, engineering graduates can apply to train to teach physics, but computer science graduates are unlikely to be accepted to train to teach geography.) 

Reviewer: is this definitely true? are there not cases where you can teach a subject you don't have a degree in if, say, you have an A level in that subject, or have industry experience?

Author: I think you are right, there is leeway, but I'd be hesitant to encourage non-UK trainees to apply without a degree in the correct subject – it's tough enough for them to get a place as it is. Also we're somewhat covered by 'usually'

#### Finding the right course for you and getting help

> Use [Find postgraduate teacher training courses](https://www.gov.uk/find-postgraduate-teacher-training-courses) to search for courses leading to [qualified teacher status (QTS)](https://www.gov.uk/guidance/qualified-teacher-status-qts). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Find postgraduate teacher training courses](https://www.gov.uk/find-postgraduate-teacher-training-courses) that lead to [qualified teacher status (QTS)](https://www.gov.uk/guidance/qualified-teacher-status-qts). 
```

Author: Have tweaked (slightly differently)

> You can also search by:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can search courses by:
```

Author: done
